hey my brother just came out with a new
video game it's called Wander stop it's
out now you can get it on PC and Xbox
and PlayStation and I don't this isn't
sponsored I don't make any money from
this but technically I got a free copy
of the game from my brother which is
like $25 and so technically I have to
disclose that and this is a hash ad but
I'm not like pay I don't make any money
but anyway here are three reasons why I
think you should try wander stop I just
beat it it's really really good number
one is the art holy [__] this game is
beautiful God it looks like a Dr Seuss
mixed with a Miyazaki painting it's
absolutely gorgeous # ad number two the
music it is all made by C418 the
composer of Minecraft it's really really
really good it's a gigantic soundtrack
it's gorgeous the whole time I'm going
to listen to this all the time when I
study from now on or do work or whatnot
# app and third is the writing my
brother did the writing for this and
it's about running a tea shop and it's
really cozy but then also it's mixed
with these really interesting narrative
elements about like mental health and
burnout it's a super cool mix if you
liked the Stanley Parable or the guide
he did the writing for that and it's oh
so good I'm biased # ad but I just I
love this style of writing I recommend
checking it out W stops real good I just
think you'd like it uh that's all I just
think it's freaking great and you should
go check it out anyways # ad thanks so
much uh onto the actual video # ad today
I'll be attempting the Trevor percent
speedrun in GTA 5 this is a speedrun to
beat the first 13 missions of the game
as fast as possible ending with the
awesome jewelry store heist however I'm
also going to be playing Family Feud
with twitch chat throughout this
speedrun I'm going to be asking chat
questions like what's the best kind of
sandwich in bed and then my program will
read everything that they say in the
chat and determine their top three
answers I have to guess one of those top
three answers and if I get it wrong then
my GTA 5 Mod will activate a random
punishment in the game to ruin my
speedrun so let's find out how well I
actually know my own twitch chat here we
go all right chat here's your first
question if you could steal anything in
real life without being caught what
would you steal if you could steal
anything in real life without being
caught what would you steal and while
you guys are answering that I will be
playing the fastest goddamn GTA 5 of my
life okay Doug what is your guess easy
chat would steal the Hope Diamond
incorrect wa what money you don't hold
on gold you don't why are you a private
island you don't steal private islands
you don't know us at all yeah I don't
think you would steal an island cuz
that's stupid doesn't make any sense
okay so I press e and now okay I get put
into honestly we could maybe
recover okay fine follow-up question
name something that you would sell your
soul for but you could only have it for
hour what would you sell your soul for I
I okay DG what is your guess [__] I
actually really don't know you you know
what Private Island
incorrect wait what did survey says a
million doll
an hour with my crush an hourong orgasm
okay hourong orgasm is actually a great
answer why would you want a million
dollars for one hour though no nobody
said that it turns out that my code is
not actually reading twitch chat at all
it's just been making [__] up and
slandering them they probably hate
orgasms basically the AI was like this
[__] weirdo keeps asking me to
summarize twitch chat and giving me
nothing hourong orgasm and it just
[__] made [__] up I do appreciate
that it was like playing along I was
like sure buddy oh you're a big screamer
aren't you buddy yeah sport you got this
they're all saying orgasm all righty
quick 5 minute coding adventure to make
the code actually read twitch chat and
Now ladies and gentlemen be stunned by
the power of my Doug Doug code what is
the greatest video game of all
time the answer is Yakuza orgasm that's
correct what survey says orgasm
simulator Yakuza okay wait did it and
now we ready to get back into the
speedrun it's only been like 15 minutes
what's something you do in GTA 5 that
you wish you could do in real life
that's a good one learn all about you
[__] weirdos I have a very strong
guess at what this is and it's going to
confirm to me that you guys are all
Psychopaths if I'm correct okay Doug
what is your guess running old people
over in cars I have known the entire
time I've been streaming really surveys
says murder orgasm you can do have sex
you can do number two and three in real
life kind of a self-owned by the way all
right all right let's get a new one
what's the most embarrassing thing
you've done in a public restroom and
while that's happening I'll activate the
random
spawn back in a
helicopter okay Doug what is your guess
I don't know give birth
incorrect what surveys say orgasm not
[__]
myself you guys can do that in other
places that's why it's embarrassing wait
is this the most embarrassing thing you
have done you've orgasmed in a bathroom
you did hear the question was what you
have done right okay let's get another
question beginning of the game here we
go oh [__] I'm talking sorry name a job
that you would only take if you were
forced at gunpoint next question
beginning of the game ignore ignore that
it's listen here we go oh [__] I'm
talking we get these guys into the
closet name a job that you would only
take for a gunpoint okay Doug what is
your guess not to get political here but
I'm going to say president I think most
people would not want to be president
that sounds like a shitty job incorrect
really survey says streamer streamer
Soldier okay all right we'll spawn all
right uh so can I continue I don't
actually
know it's not letting me use the
phone you have no
thumbs okay resetting it by turn into a
chicken uh that is not good okay now
technically you're not supposed to have
mods installed in a speedrun that is
illegal but my mod isn't actually
helping me like it's making this whole
thing a lot worse so I assume the
speedrun moderators will be fine with
this why did the chicken cross the road
next question why did the chicken cross
the road I assume at least enough of you
will say the generic obvious answer that
that will be in the top three yeah oh
[__] okay D that was just straight up
to get to the other side that's
correct survey says to get to the other
side two orgasms to die that is the
life's journey of every chicken okay new
question ideally something that's not
related to orgasms no not favorite sex
position what is something that will not
cause orgasm to be the answer favorite
crime what is your favorite crime to
commit you should probably put like a
winky face at the end of your answer so
the FBI doesn't think you've committed
this crime by the
way what your guess I'm going to say
murder murdering people probably one of
them will be orgasm I'm sure but
incorrect survey says arson tax evasion
orgasm orgasm is not a crime okay
spawning angry Farmers okay well these
guys are going to try to kill me but
actually I have a gun so this doesn't
stop the speedrun right now that's
fantastic okay we keep moving tax
evasion was obvious no it's not what are
you talking about what would you do in a
hostage situation people will just
answer orgasm that's too actually I'll
take that that's easy what would you do
in a hostage situation to still Farmers
God damn it if you answer orgasm I'm
just going to get a freebie that's not
even hard next question what would I
died but I got farther into the che
they're still Farmers godamn it if you
answer orgasm I will I'm just going to
what oh sorry about that [__] there's
still
Farmers I get to reset the farmers if I
die okay Dad what is your guess I would
obviously orgasm in a hostage situation
that's correct thank you all right and
we keep moving
is cry die orgasm you guys to be
horrible at committing crimes okay all
right I have a good question name
literally any word other than orgasm
this is going to be a
freebie okay once I get this question
right I should be able to get to the
next checkpoint which is getting into
the car okay Dad what is your guess my
guess is orgasm incorrect wait really
serves no b
six twitch chat managed to not run the
same joke into the ground repeatedly I'm
impressed you guys have evolved now you
just said sex instead what is your
favorite thing to type into twitch chat
I think there's a number of possible
answers to this one you might do orgasm
I think rigged would be an answer okay
Dad I believe the safest though is bald
incorrect wait really suris
Rick why ISM in there you say bald every
[__] 10 seconds okay well I activated
a black hole but I might still be able
to beat the mission so we're fine God
damn it so black hole every 10 seconds
launches all nearby cars at me but it's
not like guaranteed to stop the mission
or anything so I actually think we'll be
okay oh my God okay watch out for the
cows yes thank you sorry what is the
most embarrassing moment that's ever
happened to you orgasming is not
embarrassing well I guess it depends if
if it is orgasm give details don't be
shy chat oh I for there's cows spaw
still okay Doug what is your guess I
don't know um their mom like porked the
high school principal and everybody made
fun of them for it and
orgasm the [__] cowch that's correct
wait what Sur oh
or hold on wait I can just cheat by
throwing orgasm into every answer you
are saying it's orgasming and [__]
yourself was more embarrassing than
watching the stream though so it's good
you guess two things well I feel like
the speedrun moderators will still allow
it we are rigging our it's your fault
that people keep saying orgasm now this
might shock you guys but twitch chat has
latched onto a joke way too much and so
my new strategy is going to be asking
questions that are so [__] up they
don't want to answer with orgasm chat
give me a detailed breakdown of how you
would kidnap the person's baby next
question I just hit a f give me a
detailed breakdown of how you would
kidnap a person's baby okay I got to
take the helicopter back to the final
part of the mission this is going great
okay DG what is your guess oh my God
you'd offer him candy I think that's
probably what you do that's correct you
guys are [__] up survey says candy eat
it flush down toilet you guys are [__]
up people what's the most incriminating
question I can ask chat favorite porn
star what are your top 10 favorite porn
stars and now you have to out yourself
depending on if you can answer this
question and how quickly you can answer
it next question we're just learning so
much about you guys what is your guess
I'm going to guess that they didn't say
porn stars and they said me Doug Doug
that's correct [__] surveyed Mar Doug
Doug Johnny SS can we ask about the
trolley problem that's a good idea but
there's only two answers no there isn't
okay fine chat you were presented with
the trolley problem a train track is
hurdling towards five people on a track
and you could pull a lever which will
redirect the train and only hit one
person what do you
do what is your guess they would leave
the train so that it kills the five
people and then they would go run and
personally kill the last guy incorrect
really I thought I would for sure get
that survey says multitrack drifting
trip to hit all orgasm okay the [__]
up questions aren't working either so
I'm just going to ban the word orgasm we
refuse to be silenced I mean here we can
just get everybody banned say your
favorite word into chat somebody said
pivot to organism just say normal
somebody said pivot to organism just say
normal [__] I need to die so that I can
can reset with my car and not have it
turned into a helicopter okay Doug what
is your guess you know what it's
probably still orgasm I actually want to
cor oh okay cool here's a random effect
boost beautiful
organism Q when was the last time you
went on a date that's a good one all
right Chad be honest don't be shy you
got to tell us when is the last time you
went on a date all right admit it just
admit
it okay Doug what is your guess I assume
a lot of people said never so never
that's got to be the most common every
single other answer would be like two
specific of a time but never would be
collectively answered that's for sure
correct which means I'm going to beat
the mission that's correct and level
number two is done survey says never
yesterday last week so we have a mix of
chatters who've never been on a date and
Chatters who are really cool that's good
good to know if we want to get personal
when was the last time you orgasm no
we're not chat what crime would you
commit that could never be committed
again afterwards that's a good one you
got to get creative okay skip through
this cut scene we get out of here I wait
for the call from the car dealership guy
and then we begin mission number three
what is your
guess murder because you can't commit
murder of a person twice right
incorrect what survey says suicide
purgery destroy
Earth I wasn't thinking big enough I was
thinking to too small I was thinking
about you murdering a human that's my
fault okay well I have to spawn angry
Farmers okay well if I get into my car
fast enough I should just be able to
drive past
them excuse me beat me what is your
what's the best physical feature on me
next question what is your what's the
best physical feature on me I can just
force you guys to give me compliments
this is
great or you're just going to say bald
and then I'll just guess bald and always
get it right what is your yes it's
probably bald that's
correct okay survey says bald head bald
eyes AR those AR different you guys
can't really see my eyes but thank you
all right I realized the strategy to
beating the speedrun is to just give you
guys the ability to say bald and you'll
always say it is Doug bald I can just
play the game normally is Doug bald none
of you can resist making this same joke
over and over okay DG what is your guess
they obviously said yes incorrect wait
what survey says no yes bald how was
bald an answer who is the bald what the
[__] is wrong with the program got him
hold on what is the literal easiest
question what is 2 + 2 what is 2 plus
two wait no no no you're going to say 69
this is easy at first I was thinking I
would answer four because enough people
would feel dumb if they said the wrong
answer and then I realize you'll just
all say 69 okay Dad what is your guess
69 it's probably 69 420 incorrect really
surveys is five fish 21 you [__] with
me
right
no no fish genius yeah that fing slam
dude you can't read us I'm going to be
honest I never would have read five fish
and 21 oh right there's cows it's still
world record base it's been an hour and
15 minutes who's the main character yeah
okay wait that's a good thing who is the
main character of the Doug Doug stream
hint it's twitch chat who is the main
character of the Doug Doug stream I am
playing 5D chess because I know that
you're going to try to not say twitch
chat but there's no obvious other answer
that I wouldn't guess you might say part
oh you wait you're probably going to say
chair okay Doug what is your guess I
think you know that I would know that
you would guess chair and so you're
going to counteract that by actually
giving the answer of not twitch chat
because you think that's what I would
answer so you're literally just going to
tell it not twitch chat the answer is
not twitch chat that's correct let's go
let's go beautiful survey says chair
parter Rosa I was technically correct I
guess I can just say what the answers
aren't it's kind of cheating scammed and
rigged what's your least favorite thing
about my streams be honest this might be
hard okay DG what is your
guess repetitive jokes incorrect really
I thought for sure service is D you B oh
all right cool of course yeah I guess
that's fair saying it's me is your least
favorite part that works all right uh
activating black hole actually that
might be a problem Doug please ask us is
we are okay apparently we decided
suicide was a top answer for something
yeah that's a good point hey chat you
guys doing okay I'm doing
[Music]
great watch this I'm doing great right
now sry okay Doug what is your guess I
think chat is just struggling with the
state of the world right now there's
just a lot going on with politics with
world events with the economy it just
feels like things aren't necessarily
going up in a great direction that our
leaders aren't doing a great job and
that it's hard not to look at the state
of the world and just feel a little
overwhelmed and so they're struggling a
bit right now
incorrect Services no fish fish B right
okay um so literally say anything chat
literally say anything chat this is an
absolute [__] bait I will take a
freebie where I can get it okay Doug
what is your guess fish
incorrect okay surve sayic
that's make it
Grandma how did you coordinate on naked
Grandma it's like you don't even know us
I just want to be clear at no point ever
has naked Grandma as a phrase been
relevant naked grandmas are always
relevant it was on actual Family Feud oh
Doug doesn't know about the naked I
don't watch Family Feud also GTA might
be uh crashing okay this is taking
forever uh I beaten three missions and
The Game just crashed so I'm just going
to go ahead and do a classic speedrun
strategy of cheating because you can
technically just manually skip ahead to
later missions in the game obviously
this is not normally allowed but as long
as the speedrun moderators don't look at
this particular part of the speedrun I
doubt they'll notice uh I do need to
reset the timer though it seems to be
frozen oh
okay it accidentally reset nobody tell
the moderators about that speedrun
moderators this guy is cheating he Che
closed the game he's just picking the
Miss throw out this run he needs to be
banned from submitting
R hey everybody like the new pajama
Samsung all right cool we're good
there's no proof I've been cheating in
the speedrun the jewel store job okay
this is the last mission can I get a
pogies in the chat can I get a Pog whoa
world record Pace world already on the
final mission oh my God you guys this
could be it world record wait hold on
he's literally talking about breaking
into a jewelry store okay all right all
right you're literally about to do a
jewelry heist do you go loud in the
front door or go smart and you play it
stealthily to avoid any combat decisions
decisions I will go off of your guys'
suggestion here what is your guess I
would assume you go in loud and dumb
while peeing or something that's correct
okay loud enough service is loud
C get
naked yes good why is he shirtless he
got
naked all right chat what are you going
to do if you get pinched during the
heist just remind you in this
theoretical robbery we're doing you are
already naked and crying but I'll take a
freebie I'll take a free answer of
saying cry okay du what is your guess
obviously they're going to cry they get
pinched by the cops they start sobbing
probably get naked that's
correct survey say cry
snitch you would snitch I would never
commit a crime with you guys I just want
you to know that I will literally never
go on a heist with any of you oh I have
a good question if you're going to rob a
jewelry store which role are you taking
are you the getaway driver are you the
muscle are you the hacker are you the
security are you the brains of the
operation like Lester what is your role
here next question give me a freebie
with cry what is your guess I I assume
that a bunch of you said crying oh I
know I know nudest
incorrect really what did you survey
says the pisser CER snitch the pisser is
not a roll okay whatever I got cows we
can still do the heist with cows how
much money would it take for you to be
offered by the police before you rat
your crew out I'm assuming it's like $1
or do you have any standard maybe it's
like you need 50 bucks uh all right this
is Eddie to oh excuse me sorry okay dou
what is your guess $69 it's not cuz I I
think that number is funny it's CU you
correct you think that number is funny
survey says 0/ free $150 gi50 gifted
Subs so if the police offered you 50
gift okay well it spawned ramps but I
maybe can still actually dwel The Heist
all right we're good gift the sub no I
I'm not paying you to rat out the group
I don't have to get this sub I have to
get the money or
whatever oh pressing e spawns
things no I'm a chicken the button to
take jewelry activates my mod
um fine okay chat you turn into a
chicken during the heist what do you do
give me some guidance here please okay
Chad you turn into a chicken during why
there are explosions wait can I still
steal what do you do oh no I just turned
into a chicken again I have to change
the mod I can't take jewelry okay Doug
what is your guess probably lay an egg
into the jewelry case that's correct
what surveys is lay an egg cross the
road clock well I got that question
right but I'm a chicken so I have to
reset it anyways it's pointless oh and
now I'm in a
helicopter this is the worst jewelry
store heist I've ever
seen I can't believe I get to say I was
here when Duke dug got the W on well H
you say that now but the the heist is
taking a little bit longer than I hoped
that's fine this is all part of the
speedrun is as long as the speedrun
moderators don't look at this particular
part of the video it will probably look
legit still the world record for the
speedrun is 53 minutes well chat between
you and me nobody tell them about
this okay just saved a lot of time this
is why our date is failing right I
forgot we're on a date that explains why
you keep getting naked all these other
GTA 5 speed Jenners are done looks like
loading the missions is way faster 52
minutes why has nobody considered this
strategy before Doug this is the
speedrun moderator feel free to reset
the timer again okay good yeah let's get
one more there we go cool does anybody
know if you have to actually run the
timer come on let's clear this place
up okay we got everything the jewelry is
stolen we're now running away from the
store what's the best way to get rid of
the cops next question okay if I can get
this one correct this is the last
sequence in the whole speedrun we have
to get into the tunnels we have to go
through the river we're actually getting
decently close I assume you're just
going to say what we actually do what is
your guess drop off the bridge so we can
head down into the tunnels
incorrect survey say
C snitch L River we're activating black
hole that means all the vehicles are
going to shoot at me but I can actually
still beat the mission this date sucks
what's been your favorite part of this
date so far chat mine was stealing all
the jewels okay DG what is your guess uh
crying they liked crying which indicates
it's not a very good date but that's
correct okay survey says being all right
we're clear right now crying okay and
then we get out here Lester's waiting
for us at the lockup and that means
we're nearly at the end of the speedrun
chat what words of encouragement and
celebration should I give to the crew
notice I said words words not actions
words what do I say give me a
motivational speech something to really
celebrate everything that we've been
through or accomplishment with this
jewelry heist make it climactic this is
the end of the speedrun this is the last
thing the speedrun moderators are going
to see okay D what is your guess all
right crew we cried we almost died but
in the end of the day this is so loud
we've got a lot of pie to split amongst
ourselves great job
team
incorrect what did you say survey says F
rigged give 50
Subs uh well every body is
invisible but I think we actually can
still complete this oh right they're
all okay whatever I did it hold on get
ready with the time keep our heads down
what' I tell you you can still see his
walking Kane all right look everybody
take off the crew is never here you're
insane no I did it I did Rob the store
trust me you guys and time 10 minutes 35
seconds and that's how I beat the world
record for the Trevor percent speedrun
by almost 4 45 minutes cops twitch
chat's right there sir they're right
there you can arrest them sir those are
the criminals right they've been peeing
on everybody all right great I'm off to
go submit this totally legit speedrun
but uh by the way YouTube viewers we're
cool right you guys aren't going to
snitch to the mods right you know what
tell you what as long as you guys don't
tell anybody I cheated I will heart
every single comment on this YouTube
video you'll look famous in the comments
you can tell all your friends you got a
heart from Doug dug wow all you got to
do is not snitch okay all right glad we
came to this understanding ah I [__]
got you so hard you're [__] dead
[__] what holy [__] what the
[__] did you Stitch